Store and retry forwarding events in case of exceptions (#759)
DataDog/datadog-serverless-functions: aws/logs_monitoring/README.md

4. Set the environment variable `DD_ENHANCED_METRICS` to `false` on the Forwarder. This stops the Forwarder from generating enhanced metrics itself, but it will still forward custom metrics from other lambdas.
5. Some AWS accounts are configured such that triggers will not automatically create resource-based policies allowing Cloudwatch log groups to invoke the forwarder. Reference the [CloudWatchLogPermissions][103] to see which permissions are required for the forwarder to be invoked by Cloudwatch Log Events.
6. [Configure triggers][104].
7. Create an S3 bucket, and set environment variable `DD_S3_BUCKET_NAME` to the bucket name. Also provide `s3:GetObject`, `s3:PutObject`, `s3:ListBucket`, and `s3:DeleteObject` permissions on this bucket to the Lambda execution role. This bucket is used to store the Lambda tags cache.

> 8. Set environment variable `DD_RETRY_EVENTS` to enable the forwarder to store and retry events incase of exceptions when sending events to intake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Set environment variable `DD_RETRY_EVENTS` to `true` to enable the forwarder to also store event data in the S3 bucket. In case of exceptions when sending logs, metrics or traces to intake, the forwarder will store relevant data in the S3 bucket and on subsequent invocations will retry sending. When successful it will clear up the storage in the bucket.
```
